.TH GUMMY 1 2022-4-23 Linux gummy

.SH NAME
	gummy - brightness/temperature adjustments

.SH OPTIONS
	-h

	--help

		Print this help message and exit

	-v

	--version

		Print version and exit

	-s

	--screen INT:INT in [0 - 99]

		Screen on which to act. If omitted, any changes will be applied on all screens.

	-b

	--brightness INT:INT in [5 - 100]

		Set screen brightness percentage.

	-B

	--brt-mode INT:INT in [0 - 2]

		Brightness mode. 0 = manual, 1 = screenshot, 2 = ALS (if available)

	-N

	--brt-auto-min INT:INT in [5 - 100]

		Set minimum automatic brightness.

	-M

	--brt-auto-max INT:INT in [5 - 100]

		Set maximum automatic brightness.

	-L

	--brt-auto-offset INT:INT in [-100 - 100]

		Set automatic brightness offset. Higher = brighter image.

	--brt-auto-speed INT:INT in [1 - 10000]

		Set brightness adaptation speed in milliseconds. Default is 1000 ms.

	--screen-poll-rate INT:INT in [1 - 5000]

		How often to check for screen image changes in milliseconds. Only relevant for screens with brightness mode 1.

	--als-poll-rate INT:INT in [1 - 30000]

		How often to check for ambient light changes in milliseconds. Only relevant for screens with brightness mode 2.

	-t

	--temperature INT:INT in [2000 - 6500]

		Set screen temperature in kelvins.

		Setting this option will disable automatic temperature if enabled.

	-T

	--temp-mode INT:INT in [0 - 1]

		Temperature mode. 0 for manual, 1 for automatic.

	-j

	--temp-day INT:INT in [2000 - 6500]

		Set day time temperature in kelvins.

	-k

	--temp-night INT:INT in [2000 - 6500]

		Set night time temperature in kelvins.

	-y

	--sunrise-time TEXT

		Set sunrise time in 24h format, for example `06:00`.

	-u

	--sunset-time TEXT

		Set sunset time in 24h format, for example `16:30`.

	-i

	--temp-adaptation-time INT

		Temperature adaptation time in minutes.

		For example, if this option is set to 30 min. and the sunset time is at 16:30,

		temperature starts adjusting at 16:00, going down gradually until 16:30.

.SH EXIT STATUS
	Unset


.SH SEE ALSO
	gummy(1), gummy(2)
